examples: Add Golang code showing object upload to Ceph RGW bucket (#45937)
ceph/ceph: examples/golang/README.md

# Introduction
This directory contains Golang code examples on how to upload an object to an S3 bucket running on a Ceph RGW cluster.

# Prerequisite

> Linux machine running an RGW Ceph cluster. Preferrably started with the ``RGW=1 ../src/vstart.sh --debug --new -x`` command.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Linux machine running an RGW Ceph cluster. Preferrably started with the `` OSD=1 MON=1 MDS=0 MGR=0 RGW=1../src/vstart.sh --debug --new`` command.  
```

# Introduction
This directory contains Golang code examples on how to upload an object to an S3 bucket running on a Ceph RGW cluster.

# Prerequisite

> Linux machine running a RGW Ceph cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Linux machine running a Ceph cluster with an RGW. This could be done using the `vstart.sh` script
```

> 

Author: Thank you Anthony, let me make the suggested changes

> 

Reviewer 2: Okay, this is subtle - since RGW when pronounced in English begins with a vowel, it should also be "an RGW" cluster.

> 

Author: I had not seen this comment. Let me make the suggested changes.

## Workflow Procedure
1. Install AWS CLI version one on your Linux machine as explained [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/v1/userguide/install-linux.html)
2. Once successful, run ```aws configure ``` on your terminal to enter the Ceph RGW cluster access key and secret key into the global shared configuration file.
3. Create a bucket on the Ceph cluster with the command 
```
aws --endpoint-url http://localhost:8000 s3 mb s3://sample-bucket
```

> 4. Install go on the Linux machine as per the instructions at  [here](https://go.dev/doc/install)

Reviewer 2: Capitalize Go

Author: All done.
